FAV TRACKS Spotify playlist: https://open.spotify.com/user/tndausten/playlist/2zderg88f9HbH54RJBTp1m?si=W8oXCAHvRnSJun4x6VHhdQ

Turntable Lab link: http://turntablelab.com/theneedledrop

Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/theneedledrop


!!!BEST TRACKS THIS WEEK!!!

Ravenna Golden - Keep On Going! Don't Stop! ft. Lil West
https://youtu.be/fkMMTswwNTY

Clark - Legacy Pet
https://youtu.be/5W_6z0cURkY

Andy Stott - Versi
https://soundcloud.com/modernlove/andy-stott-versi

100 gecs & Injury Reserve - 745 sticky (REMIX)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M28vwlBeCOs
Review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yofbCibbgk0

Guerilla Toss - Meteorological (Khotin Remix)
https://guerillatoss.bandcamp.com/track/meteorological-khotin-remix-2

Uboa - Untitled 25/10/19
https://soundcloud.com/uboatheflesh/untitled-251019

Poppy - BLOODMONEY
https://youtu.be/fJlDyRbUtxI

FKA twigs - sad day
https://youtu.be/gnmDMAVdaPc

Jessie Ware - Mirage (Don't Stop)
https://youtu.be/YHz0KYb7wV8

Lucy Dacus - Fool's Gold
https://youtu.be/ChzTklomWUY

Black Lips - Gentleman
https://youtu.be/NMtxscdU14o

Rosalía - A Palé
https://youtu.be/5zwpwbdGNIk


...meh...

Ozzy Osbourne - Under the Graveyard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMAAMfHgO4Q

These New South Wales - Nerve 2 Reverse
https://youtu.be/W9ro-It4d_E

dumb - Club Nites
https://dumbband.bandcamp.com/album/club-nites

Dad - Dad Feels Good ft. Danny Brown
https://youtu.be/0wYmWDjg3GIe

Dave East - Night Shift ft. Lil Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPOgYJWefxM

KSI - Down Like That ft. Rick Ross, Lil Baby & S-X
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ewe467E8kOk

Free Nationals & Syd - Shibuya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WapAB7BxZ_g

Jehnny Beth - I'm the Man
https://youtu.be/AolEuVz3pzA

clipping. - Aquacode Databreaks
https://youtu.be/SBWBaA9P_PU

Beach Slang - Tommy in the 80s
https://youtu.be/PyhH473XRto


!!!WORST TRACKS THIS WEEK!!!

Best Coast - For the First Time
https://youtu.be/pofZ9G0k9Vw

Beck - Dark Places
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AW17lc9wMd4

Doja Cat - Cyber Sex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDr9hRJqPX4

La Roux - International Woman of Leisure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yS6egctCzqY

Lil Baby - Woah
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVVbokygD-A

Lil Mosey - Never Scared ft. Trippie Redd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71PT7kuuvng

===================================
Subscribe: http://bit.ly/1pBqGCN

Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/theneedledrop

Official site: http://theneedledrop.com

TND Twitter: http://twitter.com/theneedledrop

TND Facebook: http://facebook.com/theneedledrop

Support TND: http://theneedledrop.com/support
===================================

Y'all know this is just my opinion, right?